Add doc dir for Keptn 0.16 (#1228)
keptn/keptn.github.io: content/docs/0.16.x/monitoring/_index.md

---
title: Monitoring

> description: Setup monitoring to get data for a quality gate evaluation and to receive problem notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Set up monitoring to get data for a quality gate evaluation and to receive problem notifications.
```
